---
title: Introduction
description: Getting started
---

To begin with Aipify, you must first create a free [account](https://aipify.co/auth/register). After logging in, navigate to the [profile page](https://aipify.co/auth/profile) to retrieve your token.

This `token` is necessary for authenticating your API calls. It's crucial to keep your API key confidential and not to expose it in the browser or any client-side code to ensure the security of your account.


Make sure to pass the `token` as `authorisation` header to all your request as following

```bash [Terminal]
    curl --request POST \
      --url https://api.aipify.co/{api_name} \
      --header 'Authorization: Bearer daa015e25ee5b85xxxxxxxxxxxx' \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data '{
        "messages" : [
          { "role": "user", "content": "Write a dad joke" }
        ]
      }'
```

### Define your API endpoint
Click on the `New Endpoint` button and provide a name and description for your endpoint

- `Name` : Choose a unique name for your endpoint. This name will be used as a path parameter in the API URL (e.g., https://api.aipify.co/{name}).
- `Description` : Provide a clear and concise description of the endpoint's functionality. This description will be used to guide the LLM model during request processing.
- `Model` selection: Currently, Aipify supports OpenAI models. Select the desired model from the available options.


::callout
By default the newly created endpoint will be in `sandbox` mode. You can change the status to `live` . the `sandbox` mode is powered by [openai-api-mock](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openai-api-mock?activeTab=readme) this will serve the responce from the mock server. You can also use the `sandbox` mode to test your endpoint before making it live. so that you can test your endpoint without consuming your output tokens.
::


### Define your response structure
Click on the dropdown menu for your newly created endpoint and select "Edit."

Define the expected structure of the API response using a JSON schema. This outlines the data format and properties that will be returned by the API.

To create a field click on `New field` button and provide a name and description type of field

- `Name` : Choose a unique name for your field.
- `Description` : Provide a clear and concise description of the field's functionality.
- `Type` : Select the type of the field from the available options (e.g., string, number, array, etc.)

