---
title: Usage
description: Detailed guide on the request parameters for customizing API calls to Aipify.
---

## Request Parameters
This section provides a comprehensive explanation of the request parameters that can be utilized to tailor your API calls to Aipify.

### Required Parameters:

- `api` (string): Represents the name of the API endpoint you wish to interact with. This name is defined during the creation of the endpoint. 
  - Example: `https://api.aipify.co/your-endpoint-name`.
- `messages` (array of objects): An array of objects that symbolize the conversation history or prompts for the LLM. Each object should contain:
  - `role` (string): Can be either "system" or "user", indicating the sender of the message.
  - `content` (string): The actual content of the message.

### Optional Parameters (Body):

- `mode` (string): Determines the mode of the request. Valid values include:
  - `prompt`: This mode uses Prompt engineering techniques and defines a default system message for your request.
  - `tools`: This mode uses OpenAI Function calling to structure the response (default).
- `raw` (boolean): If set to true, the response from OpenAI is returned without any further processing.
- `cache` (boolean): If set to true, the system attempts to fetch a cached response before initiating a new API call.

### Additional Parameters (Headers):

- `Authorization` (Bearer token): A valid authorization token is necessary to authenticate requests.

### Example Request:
After creating `get_summary` endpoint with one field `summary` of type `string` we can use this sample text for out request:

`The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef system composed of over 2,900 individual reefs and 900 islands stretching for over 2,300 kilometres (1,400 mi) over an area of approximately 344,400 square kilometres (133,000 sq mi). The reef is located in the Coral Sea, off the coast of Queensland, Australia. The Great Barrier Reef can be seen from outer space and is the world's biggest single structure made by living organisms. This reef structure is composed of and built by billions of tiny organisms, known as coral polyps. It supports a wide diversity of life and was selected as a World Heritage Site in 1981. CNN labelled it one of the seven natural wonders of the world`

#### Request:
```bash[Terminal]
    curl --request POST \
      --url https://api.aipify.co/get_summary \
      --header 'Authorization: Bearer daa015e25ee5b85xxxxxxxxxxxx' \
      --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
      --data '{
        "messages" : [
           { "role": "user", "content": `This is a long text document that needs to be summarized ${text}` }
        ]
      }'
```

#### Response:

```json
{
	"data": {
		"summary": "The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral reef system composed of over 2,900 individual reefs and 900 islands stretching for over 2,300 kilometres. Located in the Coral Sea, off the coast of Queensland, Australia, it is a structure that can be seen from outer space and is made up by billions of tiny organisms called coral polyps."
	}
}
```